---
layout: post
title: "Annalynn"
date: 2021-12-07
adoptee_location: Nanning, China to Arkansas, USA
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2021-12-07-annalynn/cover.webp
---
Hi! My name is Annalynn. I was born on July 7, 2005. I was adopted from Nanning, China when I was about 3 months old. A year after being adopted, the orphanage called about me having a twin. So, my parents took me and flew back to China to adopt my twin brother. I am now 16 and living in Arkansas. 

I have always been curious and want to learn more about my biological parents, but I have nothing from them. My parents have a good memory of the orphanage they adopted me from but have never really wanted to share much with me. I quit asking questions when I was about 12, because I knew my parents weren’t going to talk to me about it. 

Right now, I’m struggling with staying positive. I go to an all white private school, so I always feel different from everyone else. Many kids at my school are racist towards me and other people in general. I have talked to my parents about it, but they don’t really understand. After a few months, I kinda gave up talking to my parents about my problems. I have gone to therapy, but it didn’t seem to help. I don’t have any Asian friends, unfortunately, so sometimes I feel left out. My relationship with my parents has been drifting slowly away.

I have never actually suffered with depression, but many of my friends do. I usually just come home and cry in my room, because I gave up telling my parents about my situation. At age 14, I noticed myself being angry with my parents more often and having arguments that lasted for days.   

Though it hasn’t been easy, I try to make the best of it. I realized that my online friends can sometimes be better friends than my real-life friends. I tend to talk with parents online or older people who have had the same experiences and understand what it’s like. Right now, I’m working on being independent so I can be ready for what the future holds. I absolutely love sketching, and I’m working my way into becoming a fashion designer along with modeling. Currently, I am making money by gaming and hoping to save for an apartment to move into in about a year or two.   

I hope if you are going through the same things as me that we can connect and learn more about each other.
