---
layout: post
title: "Cheers to 2022!"
date: 2022-01-01
author: Téa, Katie, Claire, and Iris
category: G.A.C. News
cover: /assets/posts/cheers-to-2022/cover.png
show_cover: false
---
{% include youtube.html id="bhcskbcyeII&t=1s" title="Cheers to 2022!" %}

<div class="slide-notes">
  <h4>Transcript</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <strong>Téa:</strong> Happy New Year, everyone! Coming to you from Girls Adoption Connect, I am Téa here to wish you a very happy start to your 2022. This last year has been incredible getting to reach so many amazing people through Girls Adoption Connect and getting to share adoptee voices and advocate for adoption rights. We are planning to continue doing this in the new year by sharing adoption spotlights, adoption rights, diversity, equity and inclusion, and much more—so stay tuned.
      <br><br>
      Never in a million years when I started Girls Adoption Connect did I imagine that it would reach so many amazing people. I honestly expected to reach around 15 people—just the people I was adopted alongside. So this has been amazing, and thank you so much for the opportunity to share my story as an adoptee and advocate for adoptee voices over the last year and a half. That’s something I look forward to continuing in 2022.
      <br><br>
      Now onto hearing from adoptees in our community about their goals for 2022.
    </li>

    <li>
      <strong>Katie:</strong> Hi, I’m Katie. And for the new year, I would like to be able to meet new people and communicate with new people. I’m very excited for the new year.
    </li>

    <li>
      <strong>Claire:</strong> Hi everyone. My name is Claire. I’m 16 years old. I am adopted from Yunnan, China, and I’m from Dallas, Texas, but I’m currently in Chicago visiting my home state. In 2022, I’m really hoping to get more involved in the adoptee community, post more, and host even more events to get to know other people and share even more stories in the coming year. I wish you all the best of luck in the next year, and I’ll see you soon.
    </li>

    <li>
      <strong>Iris:</strong> Hi everyone. For 2022, I have a few goals. The main ones are to continue finding an adoptee community wherever I go and to finish my master’s thesis. And finally, to stay healthy and happy throughout this next year. It’ll be challenging, but we can do it. Happy New Year, everyone!
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
