---
layout: post
title: "Maryann"
date: 2022-09-12
adoptee_location: Jiangxi, China to Canada
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2022-09-12-maryann/cover.webp
---
Hi everyone! My name is Maryann, and I was born in Jianxi, China in June 2002. In the early morning, I was left on the steps of a government building in the Fouzou region and was found when people arrived for work that day. I was sent to live in a foster home, in Guangchang county, until I was adopted at nine months old. My family and I moved to Canada.

I am now 20 years old and have two younger siblings -- a sister and a brother. They were also adopted from China. Being the oldest, I was able to travel with my parents when they adopted my younger sister, allowing me to fully understand what it meant to be adopted. Before the pandemic, my family and I had the opportunity to go back to China to visit our orphanages, finding spots and learn more about the culture and country where we come from. 

My father is Chinese Canadian, as his parents immigrated from both Hong Kong and Mainland China. Although he does not speak Mandarin or Cantonese, my siblings and I have always been able to experience Chinese culture, especially with our grandmother and at family reunions with his side of the family.

I have lived in both Toronto, Ontario, Vancouver and British Columbia. I currently live in London where I study governance, leadership and ethics at Huron at Western University. I also work at my university, and in my spare time I enjoy music, volunteering, traveling, dance and spending time with friends.
