---
layout: post
title: "Emma Daw"
date: 2022-04-26
adoptee_location: Hefei, China to South Carolina, United States
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2022-04-26-emma-daw/cover.webp
---
Hi friends! My name is Emma Daw, and I am an Asian American adoptee. I was born in Hefei China, Anhui Province on (estimated) November 7th, 2001. I was adopted when I was a little over two year old by the most amazing family who I am so grateful to have. I am now 20 years old and am currently finishing up my junior year at Coastal Carolina University.

Growing up, I went to Chinese school for 12 years and tried to immerse myself in the language; however it never stuck. For most of my life, I’ve felt ashamed for being Chinese, let alone adopted. I was bullied and told many mean things, like “you’re parents never wanted you," or I would be stereotyped to be something I’m not. I never even realized I was different until others pointed it out.

It wasn’t until my sophomore year of college, when the rise in hate crimes against Asian Americans began, I decided to do a photography project and share my adoptee story. Ever since, I’ve learned to take pride and how to be proud of my culture and ethnicity. I’m grateful to be surrounded people who love me for me and acknowledge my past and accept me for who I am and all the flaws I come with. Like many adoptees, I live with mental health struggles that have stemmed from my adoption, but I always remind myself to be proud of who I am and how far I’ve come.

I now am studying to be an early childhood teacher: to be the teacher I always needed for others who genuinely cares about their students and stuck up for them in times of need. I am grateful for the life I have and the opportunities that have come in my path. I am blessed beyond measured and am always happy to share my story and help/talk to others who have questions or need a friend to relate to. 
