---
layout: post
title: "Lynouk"
date: 2023-06-02
adoptee_location: Zhejiang, China to Netherlands
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2023-06-02-lynouk/cover.avif
---
Hi everyone! My name is Lynouk (兰金金), and I was adopted when I was 14-months-old from Lanxi, Zhejiang, China. I grew up in the Netherlands with loving parents, my little brother (who is also an adoptee) and two very cute dogs. I recently finished my bachelors degree in international business administration, and in September I will attend Tilburg University to earn my masters degree in finance. 

When I was younger I had to deal with a lot of racism. There were not many Asian people in the area I grew up in. This made me always feel very different from the people around me. I always wondered why I couldn't be the same as my parents and my friends and why I had my appearance. I became very insecure with my appearance and life, which made me even kind of resent my background. After a few years of struggling with this, I received professional help from a psychologist, and I am now very proud to be Asian. 

I feel so much more comfortable and a little more confident in being myself. Because of this, I started my searching for my birthparents a few years ago. I did several DNA tests and spread some search posters. I am even in touch with the director of the orphanage I stayed at before I was adopted. Although, I haven't found my birth parents yet, I haven't lost faith. I am planning to go to China, probably next year, to do a more extensive search because it is very difficult to this from a distance. 

Thank you for reading my story. Much love, Lynouk.
