---
layout: post
title: "Abby"
date: 2023-10-24
adoptee_location: Yangchun, Guangdong, China to Virginia & Pennsylvania, United States
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2023-10-24-abby/cover.avif
---
Hi I'm Abby! I was adopted from Yangchun, Guangdong, China when I was around 7-months-old. I currently live in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina but I grew up in Virginia & Pennsylvania. 

I was blessed to be adopted into a loving family who always supports me and is there for me. I grew up knowing I was adopted from China and was exposed to the Chinese culture. My family stayed connected with a family that adopted two girls from the same orphanage as me, and I'm still friends with both of them today! One of them is featured in one of my pictures; she's my closest friend.

I've always been surrounded by adoptees from China which has helped me, but, since I moved to South Carolina, it has been more difficult since there's not much Asian diversity in the south. For me, the two hardest parts about being adopted are not knowing my actual birthday and not knowing my biological mother. I used 23&Me to learn more about myself, but unfortunately did not yet find any close relatives. I did learn that I'm 100% Chinese. 

I'm a senior at Coastal Carolina University & plan on teaching in Asia after I graduate. After high school, I traveled around Asia and Latin America for a year. China was one of the countries I got to visit. It was my first time going back since I was adopted. It was an incredible experience, and I felt right at home. I'm thankful for this page to be able to share & read other adoptees' stories! Feel free to message me!
