---
layout: post
title: "Ava Eddy"
date: 2023-06-09
adoptee_location: Wuhan, China to New York, United States
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2023-06-09-ava-eddy/cover.avif
---
Hi! My name is Ava Eddy, and my Chinese name is Chong Ye. I was adopted from an orphanage in Wuhan, China when I was a 1-year-old. I currently live in New York where I am hoping to study large animal medicine at SUNY Cobleskill. 

I was fortunate growing up, and my life always seemed easy. My parents made sure I knew I could always ask about my adoption and that I always went to various culture camps and activities during the summer and the school year. I accepted that I was different than my friends, but that never stopped me from trying to fit in. Seeing other people from China who were my age at camp was always made it a week I looked forward to. As I got older, I got involved in various activities and clubs at school. I played volleyball, was on the track team, and worked on the school musical.

Currently, I am a student at my local community college, and I am working to get my Doctorate of Veterinary Medicine. I work at the local café and enjoy reading, hanging out with friends, watching tv, listening to music and working with animals in my free time. I live with my mom and dad and have a dog named Tundra and a cat named Mac. I have learned to accept my identity, and, during a speech for one of my classes, I had the opportunity to really reflect on who I was as a person. I didn’t always realize what a blessing it was, and I am thankful for being adopted. 
