---
layout: post
title: "Hannah"
date: 2025-06-16
adoptee_location: Guangzhou, China to United States
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2025-06-16-hannah/cover.avif
---
Hello, my name is Hannah, and I was born in Guangzhou, China, in 2002. I came to the United States when I was two years old, but did not become a citizen until I was twelve. 

Growing up, I was also grateful for moving to the U.S., but I struggled with my identity and self-acceptance. All I ever wanted was to know who my biological mother was and where I got certain traits of mine from. Personally, I feel that my adoptive parents failed to see my mental health declining from not being able to find my place. They were not the right parents to adopt a child. I did not have any friends or classmates who could relate to me and my identity. Everyone else in my community was white-American, knew their biological parents, and were not discriminated against for being "different." 

As I got older, I wanted to branch out into the Asian community and be a part of a group of people who shared physical traits like mine. When I did, I felt so happy and was welcomed with open arms. I am forever grateful for the experience and for the wonderful people I have met. 

Fast forward, I graduated high school early, joined the active-duty Army, graduated college in two years, married the love of my life, do hospice care volunteering, and am entering doctoral school for naturopathy. I currently hold a bachelor's degree in science of public health from Grand Canyon University and have been doing public health administration/management on the side. My hobbies include eating vegan, exploring, reading, writing, and volunteering.
