---
layout: post
title: "Alaina"
date: 2025-01-05
adoptee_location: Chongqing, China to Davis & Sacramento, California
category: Adoptee Spotlights
cover: /assets/posts/2025-01-05-alaina/cover.avif
---
Hi, my name is Alaina, and I am 19 years old. My Chinese name is 包凯 (Bāo kǎi). I was adopted from the Fuling District in central Chongqing, China at 13 months old, and I now split my time between Davis and Sacramento, California.

Growing up as a Chinese adoptee has been a journey of navigating between two worlds. In a predominantly white community, I often felt like I didn’t quite fit in. Despite the unwavering support and love from my friends and family, I struggled with the feeling of being caught between two cultures — too American to fully connect with my Asian heritage and too Asian to feel completely at ease within American culture. This internal conflict made it challenging to understand my sense of identity and belonging.

My family, though supportive, had no Chinese background, and I wasn’t exposed to much of my heritage growing up. This lack of cultural connection often left me feeling disconnected from my roots. During middle and high school, I distanced myself from my Chinese heritage in an effort to fit in with my peers, which only deepened my sense of isolation.

It wasn’t until I started college that I began to embrace and reconnect with my cultural background. Sharing my journey as an adoptee and rediscovering my heritage has been a meaningful and empowering experience. I am currently a Biology student at the University of California, Davis. My passion for science and discovery drives me, and I am excited about the future opportunities in my field. Outside of academics, I’ve spent over a decade swimming — something I’ve loved doing for as long as I can remember. I also enjoy repairing bikes, which is a fun way to blend my interest in mechanics with a bit of creativity.

Although I’ve thought about visiting China to explore my roots, I’m cautious about reconnecting with my birth family. I worry that the connection might end up being more about genetics than a true sense of shared identity. Instead, I’m focusing on embracing the diverse influences that have come together to shape who I am today. Though being an adoptee has had its challenges, it has also enriched my life with a deeper and more nuanced perspective that I truly value.

Thanks for taking the time to learn about my journey!
